A vertical search engine similar to Google Scholar is developed to retrieve only papers/books published by a member of the School of Economics, Finance and Accounting (SEFA) at Coventry University. The system crawls the relevant web pages and retrieves information about all available publications. For each publication, it extracts available data (such as authors, publication year, and title) and the links to both the publication page and the author’s profile page. The documents are pre-processed using nltk; where all the sentences in all the document are split into different words and converted to its stem form. The documents are converted into vectors using the TF-IDF formula. For the purpose of ranked retrieval, we use the formula for cosine similarity, thereby, ranking the articles according to their relevance to the query. The user can type in their queries/keywords about the resources they want to find. The system will display the results, sorted by relevance, in a similar way Google Scholar does.

For document clustering, hundred different articles related to sports, health and politics are selected randomly using Wikipedia library. Tokenizing and stemming of the documents are carried out using NLTK. The documents are also vectorized using tfidfvectorizer. The documents are clustered into three clusters using K Means Clustering. Using this model a new document is predicted to be assigned to one of the existing clusters. That is, the user enters a document (e.g. a sentence) and the system outputs the right cluster. 
